docs: Add SNI policy example (#37234)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/security/policy/language.rst

           :language: json

Limit TLS Server Name Indication (SNI)
--------------------------------------

When multiple websites are hosted on the same server with a shared IP address,
Server Name Indication (SNI), an extension of the TLS protocol, ensures that
the client receives the correct SSL certificate for the website they are
trying to access. SNI allows the hostname or domain name of the website to be
specified during the TLS handshake, rather than after the handshake when the
HTTP connection is established.

Cilium Network Policy can limit an endpoint's ability to establish a TLS
handshake to a specified list of SNIs. The SNI policy is always configured
at the egress level and is usually set up alongside port policies.

> Example (TLS SNI)
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example (TLS SNI)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> .. note:: TLS SNI policy enforcement requires L7 proxy enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: TLS SNI policy enforcement requires L7 proxy enabled.
```

The following rule limits all endpoints with the label ``app=myService`` to

> only be able to establish TLS connection with ``one.one.one.one`` SNI. Any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only be able to establish TLS connections with ``one.one.one.one`` SNI. Any
```

> other attempt to another SNI (e.g. ``cilium.io``) will be rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other attempt to another SNI (for example, with ``cilium.io``) will be rejected.
```

.. only:: html

   .. tabs::
     .. group-tab:: k8s YAML

        .. literalinclude:: ../../../examples/policies/l4/l4_sni.yaml
           :language: yaml

     .. group-tab:: JSON

        .. literalinclude:: ../../../examples/policies/l4/l4_sni.json
           :language: json

.. only:: epub or latex

        .. literalinclude:: ../../../examples/policies/l4/l4_sni.json
           :language: json

Below is the same SSL error while trying to connect to ``cilium.io`` from curl.

.. code-block:: shell-session

    * Host cilium.io:443 was resolved.

>     * IPv6: (none)

Reviewer: Can you please include the curl command as well?
